let's say you created a YouTube video
and you wanted to add some music but
because of licensing restrictions you
couldn't use just any song you wanted
that's where creative commons comes in
Creative Commons licenses add
flexibility to the restrictions of
traditional copyright for instance you
can use any Creative Commons material
for free
creators choose these licenses for their
images music films and other types of
content in order to share it with as
many people as possible of course there
are still a few conditions you'll need
to follow whenever you use Creative
Commons material depending on what the
creator wants they may require you to
give proper credit or forbid you from
using their work to make money these
conditions can be used in various
combinations to make a license more
flexible or restrictive to find the
license terms of a work look for a
Creative Commons logo and a link then
follow that link to see the specific
terms if you want to find some of this
material for yourself you can start by
using the search engine of your choice
and looking for something like Creative
Commons images or videos also many media
sites provide a Creative Commons search
filter such as YouTube Flickr Free Music
Archive and many more to legally use
Creative Commons material all you have
to do is follow the terms of the license
you don't even need to ask the creator
for permission keep in mind however that
if you break the terms of the license
there could be legal repercussions
whenever you need content for your next
big project you can gain access to a
wealth of material all thanks to
Creative Commons GCF global creating
opportunities for a better life